Updated GUIDE links with 0.17 binaries (#32)
Blockstream/liquid: share/examples/GUIDE.md

**We advise against disabling peg-in validation unless you are aware of the implications**, running in a testing environment, or are not dealing with large amounts of funds.  

> The [Liquid configuration file template](https://github.com/Blockstream/liquid/blob/liquid.3.14.1/share/examples/liquid.conf) can be used as a reference when configuring your own Liquid node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Liquid configuration file template](https://github.com/ElementsProject/elements/blob/master/share/examples/liquid.conf) can be used as a reference when configuring your own Liquid node.
```
